Oh apologies my good lady for the
intrusion into your Maison and then for
startling you for raiding your magical
winter box of comestibles if it has been
a long and arduous journey for you I am
Sahar great mcgovney cabins are to walk
around I think I'm the third but you can
call me sir and who do I have the
distinct pleasure of addressing Julia a
wicker it is my singular honor to make
your acquaintance are you from fillory
why yes I am
well did used you are credit to your sex
move bath lad um what brings you here to
earth I am here on a mission of dreadful
import it is not an exaggeration to say
that the very fate of both of our worlds
lies in the balance
you're here to bestow a quest yeah to
bestow a quest you know this timing is
perfect because honestly I've been
feeling a little lost lately and I've
been looking for something to do with my
magic to make a difference you know
searching for a sign and here you are
Here I am so tell me how can I help you
you can help me find Quinton cold water
Oh
that's not perhaps you have been beset
by hysteria
it's your cause it too tight it can
cause the wound to wander I've seen it
happen um no you can't talk to Quinton
because he he's dead he he died I
believe I'm having the lady I do not
believe that I am you see this matter
that that brings me here it is if it is
somewhat apocalyptic in nature oh I find
that I do not feel at all well perhaps
you could pour me a draft in medicinal
cooking oh yeah that's not it thing we
you do not a medicine than this
godforsaken world oh this is truly the
end times
well maybe I could help you to save the
world
no you see I'm afraid that that would be
far too difficult for for someone like
you to handle you know I have saved the
world before I was an actual goddess
yeah and you are still quite fetching
albeit unmarried you know the nature of
the quest that I must deliver what it it
requires a certain kind of hero and what
kind of hero would that be what that is
to say to use the common tongue a hero
with a pork loin so the apocalypse is
happening or whatever and this little
piggy comes all this way but you won't
accept my help because I'm a woman
I tried well but I'm sure that's a hero
will rise and he will save us
you